{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh21600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Here is the corrected English version:\
\
---\
\
We came across a dataset of coffee sales from a machine, containing fewer than 1000 rows and 6 columns.\
\
### 1. CLEANING PROCESS IN EXCEL\
\
The first thing we noticed was the .CSV file. We opened Excel to use Power Query to convert the file. Once we did that, we began the cleaning process.\
\
Since it's a small project, everything was converted correctly. However, we noticed a couple of issues:\
- We have two date columns. The first one gives us day/month/year while the other adds the hour. In this case, we should clean the last column to keep the hour and date separate.\
- On the other hand, we found that the amount spent had lost the comma. Additionally, it\'92s in Ukrainian Hryvnia. So, in this column, we need to return the decimal comma to its place and convert the currency back to Euros (despite the fact that the amount is going to be relatively cheaper than an actual Spanish coffee would be). However, for this purpose, we are going to keep the prices as they are. We also discovered that during the import of the file, we lost the comma, and some numbers had one decimal place while others had two. We need to create an IF statement to correct this: if the length is 3, the comma will be placed two positions from the left. Meanwhile, if the length is 4, the comma will be placed three positions from the left.\
\
We have some questions we want to answer through this analysis, such as:\
- Which is the most frequently sold coffee?\
- What\'92s the maximum amount spent and the average amount spent?\
- Are there any frequent clients based on the anonymous ID numbers?\
- Are people more likely to pay with cash or card?\
- What are the peak hours?\
- How much is made from each type of coffee?\
\
Due to the large number of hours, we created a range of hours. For example, 10:32 becomes 10.\
\
Once this was done, we created a table to search through filters for any rare values. Then, we started with pivot tables to answer the questions.\
\
### 2. DATA ANALYSIS\
\
We found some interesting results and began creating graphs.\
\
### 3. DASHBOARD\
\
### 4. CONCLUSIONS}